Support for multiple processors (#692)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: examples/multi_processor/README.md

> # Simple Trace Example

Reviewer: Remove empty first line and change the title to indicate this is for multiple processors?

Author: Good point, have changed the title, and the description too.

# Multi Processor Trace Example

In this example, the application in `main.cc` initializes and registers a tracer
provider from the [OpenTelemetry

> SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp). The TraceProvider is conneected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp). The `TracerProvider` is connected
```
